Release checks 7.58 (#18517)
DataDog/integrations-core: postgres/CHANGELOG.md

<!-- towncrier release notes start -->

## 20.0.0 / 2024-09-05

***Changed***:

* When password and `aws.region` are set and `aws.managed_authentication` is not set, password authentication will be used. IAM Token authentication used to be prioritized. ([#18331](https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/pull/18331))

***Added***:

> * Added an option to specify default db agent uses to perform autodiscovery operations ([#18037](https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/pull/18037))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Added an option to specify the default database that the Agent uses to perform autodiscovery operations ([#18037](https://github.com/DataDog/integrations-core/pull/18037))
```
